Whoa
Whooa, boss I’m flabbergasted.
Why we stopped?
When you see a black man on a
horse going that fast
You just got to let ‘em fly
You right, that is a horse
horse.
Ahhh, daddy
Woo, that was rough
Ahh, this should be fine, we’ll
settle in here for the night
I don’t know man
last time I was here they
weren’t too welcoming to
outsiders
Eh, you’re with me this time
Everything’s going to be
alright.
(shots firing)
Mama
♪
♪ Yeah, I'm gonna take my horse
to the old town road ♪
♪ I'm gonna ride 'til I can't no
more ♪
♪ I'm gonna take my horse to the
old town road ♪
♪ I'm gonna ride 'til I can't no
more ♪
♪ I got the horses in the back ♪
♪ Horse tack is attached ♪
♪ Hat is matte black ♪
♪ Got the boots that's black to
match ♪
♪ Ridin' on a horse, ha ♪
♪ You can whip your Porsche ♪
♪ I been in the valley ♪
♪ You ain't been up off that
porch, now ♪
♪ Can't nobody tell me nothin' ♪
♪ You can't tell me nothin' ♪
♪ Ridin' on a tractor ♪
♪ Lean all in my bladder ♪
♪ Cheated on my baby ♪
♪ You can go and ask her ♪
♪ My life is a movie ♪
♪ Bull ridin' and boobies ♪
♪ Cowboy hat from Gucci ♪
♪ Wrangler on my booty ♪
Ok, you got me, it’s all good
You cheated though, that horse
got like a V-12 but I ain’t even
worried about it
I just hit a flock and I’m up
I’ve seen you before, you from
Compton right?
Huh?
I’m sorry, hey Kwan, get the
children off the animal please
that’s his property.  We don’t
do that.know what I mean
I apologize about that. You have
a good day, get off my car
♪ Can't nobody tell me nothin' ♪
♪ You can't tell me nothin' ♪
♪ Yeah, I'm gonna take my horse
to the old town road ♪
♪ I'm gonna ride 'til I can't no
more ♪
♪ I'm gonna take my horse to the
old town road ♪
♪ I'm gonna ride 'til I can't no
more ♪
B-54
BINGO
♪ Hat down, cross town, livin'
like a rockstar ♪
♪ Spent a lot of money on my
brand new guitar ♪
♪ Baby's got a habit: diamond
rings and Fendi sports bras ♪
♪ Ridin' down Rodeo in my
Maserati sports car ♪
♪ Got no stress, I've been
through all that ♪
♪ I'm like a Marlboro Man so I
kick on back ♪
♪ Wish I could roll on back to
that old town road ♪
♪ I wanna ride 'til I can't no
more ♪
♪ Yeah, I'm gonna take my horse
to the old town road ♪
♪ I'm gonna ride 'til I can't no
more ♪
♪ I'm gonna take my horse to the
old town road ♪
♪ I'm gonna ride 'til I can't no
more ♪
Never seen nothin’ that fast in
my life, Never
Faster than a speeding bullet
with grease on it
With grease on it, hair grease
hair grease
Look at him go
Boogity boogity boogity
Bbbbbb-boogity
Boogity